"This place has known magic.
Very dark.
Very powerful.
This time I cannot hope but destroy it alone."
"Times like these.
Dark times.
It can bring people together."
"Take my hand."
"They can tear them apart."
"These girls - they're gonna kill me, Harry."
THIS YEAR
"Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy for a mission."
EVIL WILL PASS THROUGH
FROM THEIR WORLD
IN TO OUR OWN
"These are mad times we live in, mad!"
AND THE DARKEST HOUR
"This is beyond anything I imagined."
IS UPON US ALL
"In my life I have seen things that are truly horrific.
Now I know you'll see worse."
"You're the chosen one, Harry."
"You have to realise who you are!"
"Without you would leave the fate of our world to chance."
"You have no choice."
"Harry, no!"
"You must not fail."
"It's over."
FROM WARNER BROTHERS PICTURES
"Ginny!"
"I have to do this!"
"Fight back, you coward!
Fight back!"